Blogging so after discovering what the derrieres and the storage areas do and you know that's the details
and to start a serious work automatically that's mean he is demotion automatically without needing to
do anything by making it our country to know best.
Should he do.
No we have some rules that we need to apply to avoid some problem for our environment or for our cluster.
But through callid affinity and Antti affinity rule in some cases for example in virtual machine in
our Santer we create for example by scene in different Tulse but in some condition we need to use two
server machine to virtual machine for example of the same root in a separate hosts.
For some reason for example let's start with the VM TVM on the iPhone.
That's me rant DMD's on different tasks.
That's me.
We have a virtual machine a virtual machine.
B We need to run them in different tasks.
In any case this virtual machine should not run into same hosts.
Why.
For example we have an exchange server.
When we create in our company an Exchange server for the security reason we need to have atlast to exchange
server jewel case server that work together for a security reason that's something wrong happened to
the case number one the Case number two should keep running to avoid losing our work or our server in
some specific company imagine that the big company that have a server that's do its own job drove the
Server Exchange and the server exchange tickets.
Now imagine how many they were lost when the Server Exchange is out of service for at least one hour
or two.
How so for security reasons.
It is always necessary to use atlast to exchange route as a day's work for them.
Want to try it.
But let's make it simple and it only two days served to make the idea more clear.
So for that we need to go to the server or the number or the case server one in a host and another case
server.
The second one in a second does for security reason for example the hosts one have some problem.
For example it's data or it's damaged or it's is of.
So the company kept using Case number two from the host non-virtual.
That's me.
We still have connection to do still work.
So my server will be always available in that condition.
Two of we having Duke case 1 and case all in the same host we need to get some afine to run it on afine
that's mean the affinity it's to make them at the same host the affinity is to make them into separate
hosts to run due to VMC all different host.
So we had our affinity group in the Live at MTV.
That's I mean a virtual machine to have it you see in different house.
So in any case of course this example I have only to host but just to get the idea in the right environment
would have 10 20 hosts and there as will keep negotiating virtual machine from host to host for some
specific reason of the resource.
Then the next day he needs your machine beat on the host talked on the host 5 and then after a week
see that the virtual machine should be migrated from housewives to host one.
And in that case when we created the vitriol machine B that is the case server number two of the exchange
on the Housewives has one note we have the virtual machine and the virtual machine be in the same host.
And we have a dungeon situation that's mean if something wrong happened to this host We're going to
lost our mail server in our company.
So we're up Oh Auntie up in each room and we tell to do their s configuration please.
The Virtual Machine Age and virtual machine should never be in the same house.
So you're automatically keep a rule in his man and every time when he wants to migrate and virtual machine
AI or the virtual machine he will check that different server available and always migrate the virtual
machine to our host and the virtual machine.
To a lot of different hosts and who never use them together in the same host.
This is the idea of the only affinity and the same idea for affinity that's me around Aranda Wii games
on the same hostes.
That's me always around the virtual machine and the virtual machine be in the same Haast.
How so.
For example we have our shaded point connected to our database.
So for example this virtual machine about the shared point and this virtual machine for the database
that's server shared point.
For example just an example in our environment we use the one gigabyte file duplex network adapter to
connect it to different tasks.
But as we know the vitriol network adapter inside the different tasks.
How did gigabytes of speed that mean the connection between the difference between the machine inside
the same host is 10 gigabytes of speed but the connection between virtual machine from the host to another
virtual machine inside another host is limited by one gigabyte for leaks.
So this is just an example of why we need to virtual machine in the same hosts for a reason.
Of course there are lots of situations but I don't have any idea right now about why we need to run
to video in on the same host.
But this is just an example.
So to get to the benefits of using change gigabytes fald a place that's exist inside the vitriol switch
and the virtual network adapter.
We need to always run this virtual machine inside the same host.
So for that we could use a VM to VM opportunity that's me run VM on the same host and we are that does
the virtual machine.
That's mean for example for the shedded point and the virtual machine B for the database offered to
share it.
One should always run in the same host.
So in any case data is need to migrate the Vitruvian machine he automatically will agree to vidual machine.
We did the affinity this virtual machine bit to vitriol machine a.
It will take them both off this machine and migrating them to another house that can support this virtual
machine.
So this is the idea of affinity and affinity it rule out delivery of the fee to VM.
So the next video for more rules.